hey everybody welcome Aaron lamb please
planning wisely androids plus I did not
do the daily yesterday I basically ran
out of time but two days ago I ended up
in purgatory on the daily and was in
terrible spot as I spent about 45
minutes on the last floor alone just
endlessly doubling things today is the
blue baby daily that goes to shoal
scores are between forty three thousand
and sixty three thousand on the front
page let me take a sip of this coffee
here I see you up there on the
leaderboards egg that's not my face in
the avatar I don't even know this mentum
reference me it might be Dutch for like
Daniel G or something like that I got no
idea but anyway forty three thousand let
me crank up the volume here a little bit
forty three thousand two sixty three
thousand sixty three thousand is a great
score forty three thousand is a very
good score but not high enough that I
would be like we have no chance to get
there but it means that if there's a way
to break it it's probably pretty
difficult because if there's a way to
break it it's probably pretty difficult
because not a whole lot of people found
it but I mean this is all conjecture
based on the start of this run you know
we're working on the Heisenberg
uncertainty principle you know you can
know the score of a run but not how to
get there or you can know how to get
there but you don't know the score now
that may sound smart but I basically
just made that up but all theories and
science were just made up I mean that's
just a theory a game theory see you next
time don't sue me oh dude
seven cents right off the bat and that's
interesting I did from doing this you
know every day of my life for the past
27 years well it isn't been quite that
long I was older than one when Isaac
came out but I know that we will not be
able to open that Stone chest by using a
bomb unless we get a second bomb I don't
think the blast radius will reach it
repeating of course actually a milestone
chest only entered into the eyes
equation with the release of The Binding
of Isaac rebirth in 2014
well clearly you must have egg on your
face listen here you little Poindexter
give me your lunch money
I'm going to spend it on burritos with
extra block that's the kind of lifestyle
I'm living um wow I am very glad that we
came in here don't take that out of
context gross
so where we going on today's path
because this is an interesting situation
tempted too he took one sin from us I'm
tempted to not buy a spear at heart but
admittedly we don't have to buy a bomb
anymore so that actually opens things
wide wide open wait we don't next we
definitely do not need a bomb here so
blow that up worth blow this up not
worth okay 13 cents we're going to get
to 15 is the map worth buying it's an
interesting question for Daly's Wow duct
tape
that's not duct tape it's toilet paper
as far as I'm concerned can't tell me
otherwise there we go that's what I was
looking for enough money that we can
make the decision and not feel weird
about it so what I cannot fly
consistently that's correct so we come
in here you probably want the 9-volt
instead right then we'll take the
battery charge as well and I think with
the bomb we should look for our secret
the room and the hopes for getting more
money Wow yeah you know I should have
guessed that it wouldn't be there that's
the conventional wisdom but this just
feels way more like a secret room anyway
where are we taking a lot of dumb damage
on this floor and I'm not pleased about
that but we did manage to get well we're
not too far down on HP it should be
obvious this is one large Larry jr. here
now we we have the 9-volt with the poop
which is not a great setup but the idea
is that maybe in the future we'll have
the opportunity to get you know a book
in particular Book of Revelations
Satanic Bible we can make other books
work but those are the those are the
for blue baby if you can make them pop
anything that has I mean the 9-volt is
strongest if you're dealing with two
room charges but you don't always have
that opportunity of that luxury you very
very rarely get money out of pop on
these rooms may be petrified poop makes
it more likely but I'd say we got pretty
lucky there you know what we might as
well try to create an arcade we didn't
get it and that's fine we got a range
plus lock upgrade it's okay more useful
later but this floor is kind of like for
all the marbles right now because if we
get a great deal with the devil we're
off to the races keep in mind this is a
run in which you know it's our it's our
honest-to-god dream to fight delirium so
we really sadly would like to get good
as quickly as possible because we've got
to make boss rush we got to make the
hush fight and we got to you know be
able to kill delirium or at least die
trying in a respectable fashion so try
not to do like a million percent due
diligence here power pill is totally
fine and then relax it basically changes
nothing why do i why do I shoot the poop
that I make but not always shoot the
poop it's going to be tight there we go
that the enemies make because I have
ownership over that poop you know you
become attached to your own property and
I think that's natural it's like if I
make a dinner for myself at home I mean
everything 100% I made it I know the
blood sweat and here is not literally
hopefully that went into the dish oh
dude this is what you want a million
percent oh it's not that great because
the HP upgrade is the big deal I with
this one I think as as characters that
aren't blue baby but it's still very
very very valuable for us so I am into
that there's also a tinted rock so we
can just get a bomb preferably not by
buying it then we can
you know what I don't know what toilet
paper does this is a great opportunity
toilet paper
Isak no not mysterious but I was not
it's not toilet paper it's duct tape
duct tape is this the one that causes
our familiars not to spin stops orbitals
from rotating around Isaac I mean this
episode has been sponsored by The
Binding of Isaac wiki I think that it's
not great in some situations that might
not even be good but it's better than
it's better than Pulse worm which just
doesn't do anything really like I like
pulsar and I take it fairly frequently
spending the game forever it's like an
old family friend but it's not the most
useful trinket in the game it really
does almost nothing so we got three luck
I'm begging for consumables here an
extra key to make the shop easier to
stomach more money to make purchasing a
bomb easier to stomach or just give me
the bombs directly that we don't have to
go through this elaborate whoo halo fly
saved me there this elaborate song and
dance furred for no reason here there's
another key come on just give me a bomb
I really don't want to backtrack too
much because we might be tight to make
it the boss rush okay well we're
probably gonna have to backtrack on and
maybe we should have done so earlier so
that we're more comfortable when it
comes to our when it comes to our deal
with the devil but you know what if we
have to go deal with the angel on this
run that's also fine albeit not
preferred and every every bone in my
body is going hey just leave don't
backtrack and buy a bomb but we we
really really really really really
should even if it makes us two minutes
behind schedule
you know we need the HP especially if we
take a deal with the W this guy just
never summons a bomb huh
I had to think about it
good good good everything's good there
except a minor speed downgrade I you
know what I'm out I'm out maybe we're
missing out on small rock as a result of
this but I got a I I know who literally
a minute ago I was like we can't but we
have to anyway experimental treatment is
actually good for us in all ways except
for the minus speed I was going to say
modest speed downgrade and I said mine
and somehow my brain filled in the
contingency plan there and actually
worked which is good but yeah this is
saline okay right now really the big the
big get for us was picking up the halo
you know sort of kick started it and
then experimental treatment not being
bad was extremely helpful so don't feel
like we're massively behind schedule
right now that's the good stuff and you
got to think about this because you get
this these six rerolls but the guppy
ability is also like pretty solid right
so I think we're going to go for the
rear oh oh I know no don't kill them yet
don't kill them yet
you want to re-roll first we do not want
strange attractors I'm even happier that
we rear old we should have rear old
faster though because we would have
gotten the charges instead of just
summoning three flies per wave we can
kill these guys easily enough we don't
need that there are a ton of battery
charges now that I think about it mister
boom is irrelevant don't walk on the
spikes ah there we go bloody lust is not
that amazing as blue baby but that's you
know not that terrible either because we
could respond as a different character
and get HP or we could just accept this
as giving us a bonus either way I don't
know if dull razor works with bloody
lust I don't know if that's even
efficient but certainly I find it hard
to be like now we're not going to take
bloody lust on this run probably deserve
to take damage from the creep there if
we get a bomb do we want Gemini I think
it's worth using our only bomb on that
if our HP is good
obviously if our HP is bad we don't
really have a choice we got to you know
play the cards that were dealt we have
the range necessary to all that was a
smart play we actually use tactics in
Isaac is the first time for everything
score credit I actually made like an
excited sound they're like but store
credit is extremely useful and we will
use a heck of course we get a chance to
get dull razor I think you just take
nuns have it and then try that to a
spades I think it's worth it I think
it's worth it
but yeah none Tabet is the safe choice
dull razor is the I mean especially with
bloody lust you like well we could use
it once per room but nuns have a 9 volt
v6 it gives us the ability to mill
through so many items that you know
otherwise might be bad that I think it's
this is completely ok again this is the
the Bighorn law everybody's familiar
with this at this point if your damage
is bad on a run you're going to end up
fighting Bighorn it's just you know one
of the three certainties in life they
always everybody knows the two
certainties in life death and taxes but
there's also the third one that's rarely
talked about because it's you know much
longer it's like one of the laws of
thermodynamics and that's that if you
have below 6 damage by the time you get
to the third floor you will fight
bighorn it's the rule of the engagement
that's the name of the game as that song
said that I forgot but we're only going
to be like a minute behind schedule
which is actually surprisingly good
considering that we were way more than a
minute by on schedule when we originally
came down here well we were like I'm a
minute and a half behind schedule so we
made up some time we got some extra
damage out of it and we're good to go
we're building a run here we need
defense and by that I mean I'm also like
some bombs wouldn't hurt but we need
some defense by that I mean specifically
the relic a space bar item that
generates spirit hearts
The MITRE dark bum you know anything in
that in that category of you know game
winning spirit our generators is fine by
me I'm not going to be too picky about
it you know I mentioned the laws of
thermodynamics I don't remember the laws
of thermodynamics you're going to be
cocky about it and you're like you know
in a high school right now just you know
refer back to my earlier rants about you
being the smartest you'll ever be
probably like in high school or your
first or second year of university after
that you become a highly specialized and
you start to you start to lose that
general knowledge okay he's a genius how
do we do that
I mean also I'm not maybe the normal
case considering I spend my days hunched
in front of the computer playing one
game that I'm not even that specialized
at if we're being honest
dad's tempting maybe we'll get some sort
of veal here that'll Oh mad that'll make
it faster to complete that room because
it's very tempting especially with two
of spades but anyway you know I was
talking about this side I did like a
battleground stream the other day and we
got into some ridiculous like NL SS
arguments like we got to the point we
were talking about like vegetarianism
which was it is actually people will
they always go why are these guys
talking about things they don't
understand on the show I hate it you
know I was a vegetarian for a while HD
Justin was on the show he was a
vegetarian for a while we're familiar
with vegetarianism and then someone was
like do vegetarians he plankton you know
do they need help and I was like well
Calvin is part of the animal kingdom but
it's like so rudimentary I'm not trying
to insult Kell but if they're able to
take offense to it then prove it getting
closer to spawn the virus is actually
very nice for us to generate some spirit
out so I'm happy about that but like
fundamentally sure kelp are alive but so
are plants what's the difference on a
cellular level besides like a cell wall
like what's the difference on an ethical
level between eating kelp and like
eating a kale or something like that I'm
gonna I'm gonna try it I want spirit
arts much Oh
item okay and I want to tackle this from
actually lat all I should have been hit
I want to tackle this from like a real
standpoint because I mean obviously
people are going to say and and they're
not wrong if you're a vegetarian you
shouldn't need help or plankton for that
matter because it's an animal it's in
the animal kingdom so if you don't eat
animals you shouldn't eat kelp but it's
like a plant animal right like it's what
about you know would you eat an amiibo
it were is like I just don't understand
what the difference is between I guess a
very primitive form of animal life and
plant life you know it's all life and
I'm not trying to say that this means
that you know QED vegetarians and I'll
just got you know it's not like that
because I understand the ethical
concerns of like you know consuming
dairy or you know eating things that are
sentient they're eating animals in
general to some extent but the plank
then I just got a no I'm actually I'm
throwing this out there without judgment
plankton kelp let me know this is not me
trying to catch you in a god shit like
if you're a if you're a vegetarian let
me know what your perspective on kelp is
I'm genuinely just curious but anyway we
were talking about that on the show and
and as we talked more and more about it
people were like how does any I'll have
a biology degree and the truth of the
matter is I don't know I mean I mean I
know I know how i got the biology degree
i studied hard enough in university and
i never failed a class and i passed
every exam i ever took
even some that were pretty pretty tricky
you know but that a lot of that
information because it's fairly specific
is now gone forever
oh i mean this is the easiest decision
of all time so i wish i could fight the
angel statue but i cannot
judge see you later buddy and we
obviously need to move on but the Sacred
Heart pickup is stellar and especially
if we could complete the guppy dream in
the near future I'd be a very very very
happy camper is Sacred Heart I'm here
the thing I was going to take damage
from the poop anyway so is Sacred Heart
a speed downgrade because they're just
getting buck wild with these speed down
grades man you don't need to throw a
speed downgrade behind every single
pickup that you get you know you're
abusing the trust that we the players
are placed in you
they're both great but we got to go for
spun in my opinion get a power pill out
of it which is not necessarily bad but
spun has taken us to 22 damage that
might admittedly be the wrong call what
we did there might be the wrong call but
I think it's probably not the wrong call
and we are hoping to get some
consumables but we're so focused like
laser focused on boss rush right now we
are going to make it so what do I think
the seam has been for us so far I mean
we didn't even get the opportunity to
take a deal with the devil so that helps
out a lot than the angel deal obviously
you know we took what I would consider
to be the consensus right choice without
a doubt but then the we're just going to
go forget the shop we'll get it next
floor if we can the the other thing is
not everybody is probably going to take
experimental treatment and I think those
people will still be fine on today's
daily like there's enough good stuff but
we definitely benefited from taking
sponge so okay we're down to the next
floor basically on schedule I'm going to
copy up here
there is an element and I say this is
someone you know who may one day have to
lean on his degree to get a job but
there's an element of if you don't use
it you lose it I'm not saying that to
alarm people I mean I'm just putting
myself because I mean there are people
in this world that are like you know I
have a degree in biology so everything I
say about biology is right I yeah I
talked about this on the show as well
but when people were like NL how could
you ever use your biology degree I was
like you know the thing with science is
once you get to a certain point if
anybody asks you a question you don't do
the ant you don't know the answer to you
just go I don't know I just look it up
in the literature you know I'll just do
a journal review of that and get back to
you you know it becomes a I mean
dim-bulb is probably just better but the
thing is with nine-volt dim bulb is
never going to be good for us but or is
it rarely going to be good for us but
the flip side of this is that you know
duct tape is doing nothing so doesn't
really matter
um but yeah you know I feel that with
with programming as well and I know
everyone's like please they'll make
another you know 50 minute treatise on
programming like we're so sick of it
but it is true you know I have the works
with people academically at least that
you know they only program when there's
like a test coming up or when they have
an assignment due or something like that
they don't do any in their spare time
and like you know over a six-week break
from class or something like that they
atrophied like crazy or at least they
can't atrophy like crazy so you got to
you got to keep those skills up it's
like exercising when I was running a lot
at least a lot for me I read this report
that was like how long does it take for
your body to revert back to its like
resting state after you stop a running
habit and it was depressing but also you
know realistic it was like after after
like a month you lose like 50% of the of
the built up running experiences this is
paraphrasing of course because I don't
think built up running experience is a
real mess
then after like three months it's like
you've lost the benefit of having ever
done it in the first place
that doesn't mean you shouldn't do it
what it means is that you should keep it
up and even if you didn't at least you
did for the time that it was available
like you know I'm not being hypocritical
here at all I stopped running but does
because I tore my meniscus and unbending
my leg made it feel like I was going to
die so okay we are going to make boss
rush I'm going to be a little bit cheeky
here come back and grab a battery charge
and I'm going to grab the card I was
looking for something that gave us a leg
up on the boss rush and I don't know if
we got it I'm not worried about a secret
room we got it we got to kill mom here
we're going to get through this in time
with more than enough time I will
actually fight Krampus if you get
Krampus we didn't and that's probably
for the best
take this pop the magician we're going
to use it in here no matter what and you
pry yeah you 100% want the wafer and
then we got 40 damage so I think that
we're in a good spot here we are a
little bit lighter on points than we
would normally expect to be by this
point in the run and that's a hundred
percent I think a result of good good
damage there at least we got eight
damage for walking on the creeps but
still and that's 100 percent of result
of the damage that I've taken so anyway
I don't know it's kind of been I haven't
made you I pride myself in these videos
when I get so boxy I like to make
concise elegant points and I have not
done that today I guess what I'm trying
to get at is you know if we're going to
reach for something kind of soapbox II
when I was younger I was very progress
oriented you know if I wanted to get fit
for example it's like I'm going to go
online and I'm going to figure out the
most efficient way to get fit work smart
not hard right so you're like oh yeah
well you know you could do like a full
body workout you could work out your
individual muscle groups you know for 40
minutes each and then alternate every
day that's like you know
the first picture of the brain expanding
meme and then the second one is like one
full body workout that's 50 minutes long
with compound lifts every every other
day and then the final one is like I
just do
Tabata which is when you just go as hard
as you can for four minutes I do I do
five sets of Tabata a week with pull-ups
and you're like man I'm only working out
20 hours a week by the way I don't know
if Tabata is still like it sounds like
something you order in a Japanese
restaurant but I don't know if Tabata is
still like a trendy Fitness thing but it
is actually hell I I tried it for like
six weeks the principle of Tabata could
not be easier it's like you know why are
you wasting all your time how much time
if you're in the gym do you actively
spend lifting things probably like 40%
of your time you know you got to walk
over to the machine or the free weights
you got to get them you got a you know
you do a set of ten then you rest for a
minute then you do a set of ten you rest
for a minute then you set at any rest
room in a tree rack the weights it's a
lot of downtime in between doing those
lifts so Tabata is like hey set a timer
and for four minutes just do as many of
one exercise as you can and if that
sounds too good to be true it is it's
actually you know you might think that
you're a fit individual and you may be
let me know how you how many how many
pushups you do in four minutes I would
bet that 50% or more of those push-ups
come in the first minute and the next
180 seconds are you going ah you know
you'll you'll wish for an hour-long
workout after I don't even know if it
works
it was just anyway I'm getting
tangential to the point here
the dailies going well though we're a
few thousand again below where I'd like
to be but my own fault this is where we
get goofy and just steamroll hopefully I
was so progress oriented I'm like you
know I want to learn you know economics
how do I learn economics the fastest way
possible that's actually like before I
went to Korea I did like for maybe like
a month I did like six hours of rosetta
stone every single day I was just I was
the kind of person who got motivated in
short bursts but to an extreme degree
I'm sure a lot of people can relate to
that because you know it's not just
about looking for a quick fix it's like
when you get into something you're like
this is all I want to do and and even
though it seems like it could be
perceived as work like I get enjoyment
out of it it can be a really productive
thing when you focus that it's something
that's productive but the problem is you
know after after three weeks of doing
Tabata you go I don't really want to do
Tabata anymore and then you just fall
off so there is a secret room here I
would have thought that these borders
does but but how no no this is this is
wrong the secret room is here but it's
the same right what I'm losing my mind
if they're two different secret rooms
here first off let's go to the let's go
to the curse room get that bloody love
penalty up at least I'm here to tell you
that it will exactly have the wafers so
good
I'm here to tell you that if you're the
kind of person who gets motivated in
that specific way don't be afraid to
take things slow you know it's how it's
been going for programming for me I feel
like sure there are people who probably
started college after I started learning
how to program and they're doing like a
you know full time scholastic thing
they're going to get their degrees like
next year and I'm still puttering along
like maybe I'll start learning
JavaScript next year you know I
understand you are going to be left
behind but the to some extent but you
build great habits and the skill I feel
like stays there like when I think of
like my ideal form of like exercising
now it's not like you know I'm going to
do a high-intensity interval training
and then get myself up to the level
where I can like you know I don't do an
Ironman or something like that like that
appeals to me because it requires a lot
of motivation but and obviously I'm not
bad-mouthing anybody who does because
this actually is like an incredible feat
of human endurance but for me it's like
and you know be nice if five years from
now I could look back and be like I
judged you calamity almost every day for
the past five years that would be like
perfect for me I'm finding balance in my
life I thinking you know it takes a week
to
some time to get there even when it
comes to making videos like I'm not
going to say that I'm the hardest worker
on planet Earth but I'm very productive
and and some like earlier you know for
talking like 2013-2014 largely the way
that would manifest itself is like on
one day I would make like 12 videos and
then you know maybe the next day I
wouldn't make very many at all but by
having sustained bursts like that I
would maintain my productivity now I
have a much gentler structure we might
want to reroll that that's even soul
thoughts arrive like butterflies go on
c'mon c'mon c'mon I'll um
we're going to take the relic we could
have rear old them and look for Godhead
in it that's like the the risky play but
the relic is something we need to have
because if we she leave your ass she's
going to leave what half perfect
actually perfect and the speed upgrade
is nice we still need to make the Hoss
fight so we are worried about that but
anyway I'm going to stop talking about
myself cuz it's getting it's a bad look
but suffice it to say you know if you're
if you're the kind of person who's
productive in a in in short bursts you
know I'm here to tell you you know get
over it or you know use it productively
because I think this as a young person's
game and that's cool but don't be afraid
of them living a more balanced life
either we're going to get a reroll at
the end of this so we're going to be
very close at least and I'm hoping you
know somehow it manifests as a guppy
dream but oh okay
Bartz am i right anyway the thing is we
got so many spirit outs just for being
on this room you ever one oh ass so I'm
going to do it and I'm actually happy
with how this went down but I wanted to
not waste the battery charge but we also
are a little concerned about time I
wouldn't even say we're tight on time
we're just concerned about it but
actually our HP is going to be
completely okay now
which is why I feel like we're basically
destined for success on this run now as
long as we make it to the hush right
hush we'll die we will definitely make
it to the void floor and if we make it
to the void floor we should have no
problems bleeding delirium and bye no
problems I mean like we'll take some
hits and probably lose a couple thousand
but we'll at least get the the value of
having finished the the run in what I
would consider to be the Honorable way
you know what we have been sort of I
don't want they starved but what I
haven't been super stoked with on this
run is the the trinket game we've had a
lot of trinkets that are more or less
basically useless and dim bulb is not
basically useless it's just useless
because of the way that we've structured
it but I'd like to I'd like to amp it up
a little bit if if possible I took the
quarter by the way because the quarter
sounds like chicken cordon bleu which is
a great dish although dangling doesn't
like it
no I to be honestly I don't think I've
had chicken cordon bleu since I was like
8 which one is so there's chicken with
stuffed with like Swiss cheese and ham
and then there's chicken Kiev which is
like cheese and spinach I don't know
it's been a while I haven't had a
chicken breast stuffed with anything in
a long time I will say you know you're
familiar with the establishment known as
Nando's Nando's I don't know Nando's I
think is Nando's because of this cheeky
Nando's you know meme slash marketing
campaign they have one in Vancouver I
ordered from her recently it was
positively ok that's not meant as an
insult I was like this is sure I was
like this is pretty good I don't know
what all the fuss is about but it's like
I would I would order it again are you
going to say would you get to the sides
I got potato wedges is that wrong or
right I don't know
I prefer potato wedges to fries and
these were good potato wedges it wasn't
the potato wedges were not the problem
there was no
problem but I was like it's just this
place is like a million locations around
planet Earth how they manage that it's
impressive to be honest with you okay
we're going down here 40,000 within
reach I think possibly feel free to tell
me I don't know what I'm talking about
that's part of my brand it just barked
did you hear that what is it what does
that bark mean blow this guy up what is
it boy I don't underst does it mean that
one of these has like a crawl space he's
done it now was that worth it highly not
at this present we are like three cents
damn you crawl spaces every time I think
we want neither now this is a tough one
man but I think you want piercing shots
so I mean let's crack two of these I'm
hoping for more keys we did get one more
key so we can keep the dream alive and
we crank this only got drain D we don't
want that so the question becomes what's
more valuable reeling that or reroll in
this and I think it's rerunning this
taro cloth and then we're going to buy
the card as well
excuse us hermit chariot will keep the
devil card for now and then in here we
could get a reroll so let's just play it
cool for now so we got four damaged up
which is not as much as I would have
loved but life goes on we've got the
range necessary to land these so this
guy's is done and dusted
we've had a lot of like really really
good choices on this run like we got a
great rate of fire great damage and it
gives us shielded tears versus uh versus
piercing shots
I mean shielded tears x+ evo basically
makes it so hush can hit you you just
surround him on all sides with the
shielded tears but the piercing shots I
think are going to be very useful for
clearing rooms on the next floor so it's
a calculated cost I wish I could have
taken both way no it's I mean the
problem with decks placebo is shielded
tears is that the the shields eventually
explode I mean we can continue to stack
up more and more but it would be better
if we had booger tears but I digress
anyway I don't know this Daly has just
been like really really Pleasant it
didn't always look like that when we
were at one and a half spirit arts on
the first floor it looked like we might
brick it up and put ourselves in a
horrible position but instead we've come
through smelling like a rose here
honestly
and really like if I'm looking back on
the dailies for for May and June we as
far as I'm concerned except for the
slump performed really well we had a
couple dailies that were in the
thousands but I was mad because many of
them were just finding ourselves unable
to find a scene but a couple of them
were like Oh technical difficulties so
you know the one where we accidentally
blew up the mirror at the same time that
we played it and froze the game that one
bums me out but it's not like I'm going
to ask for a refund or something like
that do they still do steam refunds
after 2200 hours in the game probably
not huh do they still do steam refunds
for 2200 hours in the game with a press
copy I doubt it that looked like it was
going to hit me but we're totally set
right now having not taken damage here
you know it's mostly just for like bare
minimum like point gain at this point we
really can't be mad at anything on a run
in which we have 28 damage base still
safe I think uh what are we going to
take if we don't get a charge because it
looks like we're not going to get a
charge well I will I'll probably take
the shot speed up I can't remember what
the other item is but we could we could
deal with speed ball speed and shot
speed up is like at least okay no
battery charge just a red heart all
right all right all right all right well
yeah we don't we don't need blue baby's
only friend it does contribute to
beelzebub I think but so what so now
we're out this way to get top 30 we're
going to need 43040 3000
Rick Dees in the weekly top 30 that's a
reference that I don't even know if it
makes sense see I thought Rick Dees was
Canadian then I realized that Rick Dees
is an American radio DJ that at least in
my adolescence had a very populated
syndicated reality not reality radio
show where he counted down the the top
40 songs on the on the Billboard Hot 200
I think or maybe he made up the songs
the listing himself I don't know but I
didn't really realize how syndication
works so I always thought Rick Dees was
Canadian yeah we're lucky that's not the
way it works so just because they're on
Canadian radio doesn't mean they're
Canadian Rick Dees Islamically top 40
was always weird because I'd be
listening to it in like the year 2000
and then he'd be like we're bringing it
back to a classic all the way from 1998
this is you know Monica and Brandi the
boy is mine and you're like let's when
you're when you're 12 you're like man
two years ago ancient history but as an
adult I'm like Rick Dees and the weekly
top 40 that's not that old that's a
relatively contemporaneous track so I'm
throwing caution to the wind
I don't like backtracking that much sure
it is important I prefer not to do it
whenever go all you jerk so we're we're
in heck right now I'm apologizing for
the strong language but cursed I makes
it nearly impossible in my opinion to be
delirium with our present setup but we
could rule that was close we could mix
it up if we get like some extra
invincibility somehow like algae's for
example helps out a lot apart from that
I don't know dude we're going to we're
going to feel the burn here
she's probably done magic mush lovely 12
damage up that's pretty solid dude yeah
that's fine I just held the charge
because I didn't want to want to screw
it up their box good trinket it's not
bad but it's not good
addicted it's better than dim bulb right
now probably should have played that but
you know we could spend 10 years playing
that if we wanted to listen for the for
the wolf you know what at least cursed I
means that if we teleport out of the
Delirium fight here if you find the
Delirium fight early and we teleport out
accidentally we don't have to go back to
it right away how to jump not good for
us right now
reroll it a little Steven exactly okay
for us aka makes no difference I mean
when you've got 35 damage you're
probably not overly concerned with the
little Stevens damage come on you know
there's a guppy item on here Steven so
three damage up that's actually worth
something
Oh secret room it's gotta be here okay
I mean it gives us points right yeah
like ten points about exactly enough to
make me care without making me
particularly excited about it so again I
I think the important thing to keep in
mind for like tempering your
expectations here because I know so many
people are like NL I am you know my
happiness completely depends on your
self-esteem from ranking well in this
daily obviously I'm being facetious you
know I hope you're having a great day
regardless whether or not my runs trash
or not but the thing to keep in mind is
that we don't get bonus points after we
finish a daily that ends on delirium so
we will have whatever we have when we
touch that trophy is what we're going to
have when the score screen pops up so
just be aware of that I get people and
you're going to think that this is
putting on airs a little bit but I get
people to send me messages specifically
I got one this week on Twitter that
where a dude was like hey I don't really
know why but when you called yourself a
garbage human being it really made me
feel a little bit better about myself so
thanks a lot for that dude you might
think that I mean I don't think that's
meant to be taken offense to I think
that's honest you know everybody you
know one knows yourself better than
yourself right if we all judged
ourselves harshly I think we're all
garbage human beings I mean I'm I've
done well for myself and you know a
people seem to like listening to me and
watching my content which is very
flattering 11 damage up from cracked
crown so like my self-esteem is pretty
good at the same time in my a garbage
human being yeah when my wife went away
for two days I ate a hard taco shell I
put shredded cheddar cheese in the
middle and microwaved it for 30 seconds
to make the world's worst nachos you
know obviously you know if you know that
those intimate details about yourself
you're a garbage human being we're all
garbage human beings we're just trying
to be like the least stinky version of
the garbage that we can be
and that's what I aspire to on a daily
basis you know is like you know
obviously none of us are free from sin
and we've all strayed far from God's
light what can I do to minimize that
today you know one day at a time
and today is one day at a time thing
that I'm doing is is playing pretty well
in today's daily hopefully bringing you
some entertainment
we haven't been hit on this Floria I'm
bagging for the gup-b out of moms
contacts is lovely but I'm bagging for
this goofy action dude we got 50 damage
done we have been hit on this floor
we've been here once by by brownie the
hardest boss in Earth's history not a
copy item who we can't even get it I
can't even get to it it's nice we got a
little like sky bridge here that was
terrible damage we only got one damage
up from it as well which is the worst
thing do I think we can beat delirium
yeah
infant great item I do but it is going
to depend on not teleporting and it's
not the easiest thing to guarantee you
know delirium is a tendency to tell a
frag
and you know there's explosive shots
that that pop off on the regular not for
me from delirium infamy you know will
help negate some of this damage which is
really nice but it's not necessarily
going to be easy for us you know this is
kind of a nightmare
like mama Gerty is a nightmare for us
because I don't think it's conceivable
for me to dodge the spikes on the
regular about halfway through and I
think it's good to stay stay loose here
and remember that halfway through is
really only like a quarter of the way
there we've still got a focus on not
teleporting you know it's like when
you're halfway through a course you're
not really halfway through a course you
know and sometimes the university you
have a final exam where 70% of your
overall mark sometimes you got a final
exam ooh we got very lucky to have a
full charge there sometimes you've got a
final exam worth 100% of your overall
mark those are great situations because
it means you you don't do any work
through the rest of the course okay so
we had a full charge there I made sure
that one oh let's go that one could have
gotten me
just stay like in one phase for a minute
here
I don't like when you teleport no beams
please that's fine that's fine we did it
okay so we're going to be like 39,000
good score on today's Bailey there's
work to be done but that's fine we just
got a little bit more stuff to take care
of your grab that we're going to finish
it as daily like 40,000 I also
personally guarantee that we are going
to become guppy because that's just the
way she goes on a run like this you've
got to become guppy and especially after
you fought delirium it's the perfect
opportunity any run on which you you
have the opportunity to fight delirium
and you choose to I think you can rest
easy especially if you uh if you win you
know we took the honorable approach here
and the honorable approach didn't pay
dividends now we're probably going to
lose points as a result of having fought
delirium but dude I'm just amazed we
didn't die on the Delirium fight let's
burn died not die but get teleported at
the very least like that is that's easy
money I would have bet my life savings
on a teleportation there and I mean it
would have been a conflict of interest
because I could have made it happen but
at the same time anyone willing to pay
fit to take that bet
please do too bad we didn't get the to
Gaza rune earlier but we got one room
left let's do it maximize this total
score and there we go this is basically
going to be our score forty thousand one
hundred and fifty let's say as a as an
approximation so I think we're gonna be
top 100 top 150 at worst and it's a long
daily but it's a nice daily and it was
surprisingly comfortable for like the
whole thing I mean we should just pop a
bomb down and then grab all this so
might have just pushed us best egg on
the day they on the leaderboard so 151
dude that's fine great daily if you
enjoyed it click the like button helps
out a great deal of course subscribe you
want to see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching hope you really
have a great day and I'll see you next
time